[Acceptance Criteria]
As a Support Admin user who is creating a licence for a school which does not have 200 component permissions, when I first view the Create licence form,
1) Is there this text "Limit max number of characters to 60." in the tooltip for the Licence name telling me the limit is 60 characters?
 
And when I enter a Licence name that exceeds 60 characters,
2) Does an error message "You have exceeded the maximum number of 60 characters for this field." appear below the field?
 
As a Support Admin user who is creating a licence for a school, when I first land on the create licence page,
3) Is the 'Review' button DISABLED?
 
And when I try to add a duplicate Entitlement ID,
4) Do I see an error message “This Entitlement ID has already been added”?
 
And when I add 20 valid Entitlement IDs,
5a) Does the warning message “The maximum number of 20 IDs per licence has been reached” appears telling me the limit of 20 IDs has been reached?
5b) Is the add entitlement field DISABLED?
 
As a Support Admin user who is creating a licence for a school, when I select the start date field,
6) Is it possible to select historical start dates?
And when I select the End date field,
7) Are all dates before the selected start date disabled?
And if I manually enter an End date which is prior to the start date,
8) Does an error “End date can’t be earlier than start date” appears?
 
As a Support Admin user who is creating a licence for a school, when I complete all required fields (all of those in the form),
9) Does the 'Review' button become ENABLED?
 
As a Support Admin user who is creating a licence for a school, when I enter an invalid character into the student limit field,
10a) Do I see an error message “Please enter a valid number”?
10b) Do I see the following tooltip next to this field advising me of accepted characters?
         “Number of active students that can access the course materials. Access continues if the limit is exceeded, but usage will be tracked against the limit you set.
The number must be a whole number and can’t have decimals, alpha or special characters.”
